Sphinx Builder for Docusaurus (#701)
objectiv/objectiv-analytics: bach/docs/source/open-model-hub/version-check.rst

.. _open_model_hub_version_check:

.. currentmodule:: modelhub

.. frontmatterposition:: 5

=============
Version check
=============

The Objectiv Modelhub package comes with a built-in version checker. During import, it automatically checks to see if the loaded version is the most recent version.

**Why?**

> We are adding new models and taxonomy operations at a high pace, so the goal of this version check is to notify you if when models & taxonomy operations are available to use.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are adding new models and taxonomy operations at a high pace, so the goal of this version check is to notify you when models & taxonomy operations are available to use.

```

> We are adding new models and taxonomy operations at a high pace, so the goal of this version check is to notify you if when models & taxonomy operations are available to use. 

Reviewer: `if when` choose either if or when

Reviewer 2: haha check fixing

**How?**

> An asynchronous http request to http://versioncheck.objectiv.io on package import.

Reviewer: This should be `https://version-check.objectiv.io`

Reviewer 2: will fix

> An asynchronous http request to http://versioncheck.objectiv.io on package import.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An asynchronous http request to https://version-check.objectiv.io on package import.

```

> An asynchronous http request to https://version-check.objectiv.io on package import.

Reviewer: Add something like:
`If an update is available, a standard Python warning will be issued`

> An asynchronous http request to https://version-check.objectiv.io on package import. Gives a Pythong warning in case a new version is available. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An asynchronous http request to https://version-check.objectiv.io is sent on package import. A Python warning message is issued in case a new version is available. 

```

**What data is being sent?**

> Your current version of the model hub and from which python package the request is made. No cookies, IPs or any other PII is being sent.

Reviewer: actually, the http library (aiohttp) just adds itself as the UA in the request by default. We don't explicitly include this in the request.

Reviewer 2: ok, let's then exclude this

**Disable the version check**

Disable the check by setting the environment variable *OBJECTIV_VERSION_CHECK_DISABLE* to *true* prior to importing objectiv-modelhub.

**Source code**

> For more detailed information, check the source code in `__init__.py <https://github.com/objectiv/objectiv-analytics/edit/add-version-checking/modelhub/modelhub/__init__.py?>`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more detailed information, check the source code in `__init__.py <https://github.com/objectiv/objectiv-analytics/blob/main/modelhub/modelhub/__init__.py>`_

```
